terms_and_privacy.md, before:

Last updated: August 1, 2019

# Terms and Conditions

Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the [sudachi.io](http://sudachi.io) website and the Sudachi desktop application (together, or individually, the "Service") operated by Hiroshi Kato, Kanagawa, Japan. ("Sudachi", "us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.

## Accounts

You may be required to create an account with Sudachi in order to access certain Services. It is a condition of your use of the Services that all the information you provide on the Services is correct, current and complete. We reserve the right to disable any user account, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have failed to comply with any provision of these Terms.

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.

Your login may only be used by one person - a single login shared by multiple people is not permitted. You may create separate logins for as many people as you'd like.

You may not use the Service for any illegal purpose or to violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).

## Content

Our Service allows you to post, link, store certain information, text or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.

By posting Content on or through the Service, You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) that the posting of your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate the account of anyone found to be infringing on a copyright.

You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Service and you are responsible for protecting those rights. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for Content you post on or through the Service.

## Intellectual Property

The Service and its original content (excluding Content provided by users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Sudachi and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright and other laws of both the Japan and foreign countries. You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the HTML, CSS, JavaScript, or visual design elements without express written permission from us.

## Termination

We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.

All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

## Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Sudachi and its licensee and licensors from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password; b) a breach of these Terms, or c) Content posted on the Service.

## Limitation Of Liability

In no event shall Sudachi, nor its developer be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iii) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

## Disclaimer

Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.

Sudachi and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.

## Exclusions

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.

## Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Japan, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.

## Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.

# Privacy Policy

Last updated: August 1, 2019

Hiroshi Kato, Kanagawa, Japan ("Sudachi", "us", "we", or "our") operates the sudachi.io website and the Sudachi desktop application (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.

We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

## Information Collection And Use

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, other information ("Personal Information").

We collect this information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, improving our services.

Other analytics tools we use include Mixpanel for in-app product analytics, Google Analytics for collecting and analyzing data about visitors to our websites.

## Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.

If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.

## Compliance With Laws

We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.

## Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.

However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.

## International Transfer

Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to United States and store it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

## Changes To This Privacy Policy

# Security Practices

xxx

# GDPR

xxx

## Contact us if you have any questions:

Commit message:

[add] Changes To This Privacy Policy.

terms_and_privacy.md, after:

Last updated: August 1, 2019

# Terms and Conditions

Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the [sudachi.io](http://sudachi.io) website and the Sudachi desktop application (together, or individually, the "Service") operated by Hiroshi Kato, Kanagawa, Japan. ("Sudachi", "us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.

## Accounts

You may be required to create an account with Sudachi in order to access certain Services. It is a condition of your use of the Services that all the information you provide on the Services is correct, current and complete. We reserve the right to disable any user account, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have failed to comply with any provision of these Terms.

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.

Your login may only be used by one person - a single login shared by multiple people is not permitted. You may create separate logins for as many people as you'd like.

You may not use the Service for any illegal purpose or to violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).

## Content

Our Service allows you to post, link, store certain information, text or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.

By posting Content on or through the Service, You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) that the posting of your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate the account of anyone found to be infringing on a copyright.

You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Service and you are responsible for protecting those rights. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for Content you post on or through the Service.

## Intellectual Property

The Service and its original content (excluding Content provided by users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Sudachi and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright and other laws of both the Japan and foreign countries. You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the HTML, CSS, JavaScript, or visual design elements without express written permission from us.

## Termination

We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.

All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

## Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Sudachi and its licensee and licensors from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password; b) a breach of these Terms, or c) Content posted on the Service.

## Limitation Of Liability

In no event shall Sudachi, nor its developer be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iii) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

## Disclaimer

Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.

Sudachi and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.

## Exclusions

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.

## Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Japan, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.

## Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.

# Privacy Policy

Last updated: August 1, 2019

Hiroshi Kato, Kanagawa, Japan ("Sudachi", "us", "we", or "our") operates the sudachi.io website and the Sudachi desktop application (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.

We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

## Information Collection And Use

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, other information ("Personal Information").

We collect this information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, improving our services.

Other analytics tools we use include Mixpanel for in-app product analytics, Google Analytics for collecting and analyzing data about visitors to our websites.

## Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.

If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.

## Compliance With Laws

We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.

## Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.

However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.

## International Transfer

Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to United States and store it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

## Changes To This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 1, 2019 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

# Security Practices

xxx

# GDPR

xxx

## Contact us if you have any questions:
